Oh ends today we're going to talk about
how to build a nail polish rack and it's
made out of two car birds from the
dollar store I burst from the dollar
store they are a dollar each you gonna
cut the sides two inches two and a half
inches on both sides so just go ahead
and cut and then you're going to cut the
other board on two inch strips these are
going to be yourselves see it's two
inches make sure you measure you're only
going to need to carve wood because the
three is too much and too it's going to
be just perfect for just one narrow
shelf unit for all your nail polishes
just go ahead and cut all of your two
inch strips which are going to be your
shelves this is what we're doing here
and then you're going to use the other
cardboard to cut one inch strips which
are going to hold your nail polishes up
so that when you are you put them in
there they don't fall out and this is
what it looks like with the little one
inch there's like little walls that
going to hold up your nail polish and
here we how to use some tape so we can
make it sturdier and then we embellished
it we added some bling to it with
stamped some
and the relish mints which are I think
they're stamps I think she did she did
some stamping here with some silk bird
which is regularly a hot glue to put all
these embellishments in they stick
pretty good and the shelf is pretty
sturdy thank you for watching and I'll
put all of the Eternals necessary and
the measurements in the description
below